active duty is an interesting term that means when you're serving full
time in the military typically speak he when you talk about somebody
being on active duty you mean when they were on for an extended enlistment
of some kind in the regular services and for me that was four
years running from April of nineteen seven to April of nineteen seventy
one those four years I was on active duty in the United States
Marine Corps and that was split up was about a year doing boot camp
when my preliminary training as a Morse code operator then a year
doing language training in Washington DC than a year in Vietnam and
then about three months in Thailand and the old remaining nine months
were devoted to training and mustering out in the United States in
North Carolina so those four years but after that I got in the reserves
and every year in the reserves you do two to four weeks of active
duty most of us anyway every year so by the time I got reserves I
done another sixteen weeks of active duty for training they call that
do tray all around the world Naples Italy to masala Japan but most
of it in the United States San Diego Pensacola Washington DC places
of that nature so all told I get about four years of active duty in
the marine corps and then about a year and a quarter active duty in
the navy in addition to the weekend Le grills it you did one week
in them